Little bitch hoof
Who gave you face
Do you need to clean up?
How did you promise to lead the classmate?
Better cash it now
And this Lin Yaozu
Moral corruption
Misbehavior
Is he still eligible to participate in the competition?
Regression to enjoy the treatment of the state
I propose.
Let's have an impromptu meeting to discuss
Are you looking for a place?
Let's discuss this right away
leader leader
I would like to
We are willing to deliver on our promises
Please don't cancel my son
Eligibility for Olympic Games
Otherwise he will be doomed for the rest of his life
Go hey leader
Jianguo Jianguo
Help me talk to the leader
intercede with him
Why don't you always get ahead by relying on the game?
I beg you, I beg you, can't you? Jianguo
Now that Uncle has decided to fulfill his promise
Then please go to the sea of swords and fire
Please go to the mountain of knives